Silicon Valley GDG is proud to announce GDG DevFest West 2016. Like the years before, the event will be held on Sunday the November 13 in Mountain View, CA. Set aside all your business at this time and make plans to head to the Googleplex.

That means that it is time to open [call for talk submissions](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdbyS5xQHFLKDWUe9qnCi-grB3QcBkFqk7Qufmz0KsDdy8PsA/viewform). If you are passionate about your work and want to share your experience with other, sign up.

To keep up this year, we decided to focus on the content. **We’re looking for speakers like you**, who are ready to rock the stage and deliver the best talk or workshop in the field.
<div class="text-center">
<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdbyS5xQHFLKDWUe9qnCi-grB3QcBkFqk7Qufmz0KsDdy8PsA/viewform" target="_blank" class="style-scope header-content" style="color: white; ">
  <paper-button class="primary style-scope header-content x-scope paper-button-0" raised="" role="button" tabindex="0" animated="" aria-disabled="false" elevation="1">Submit a proposal</paper-button>
</a>
</div>

<br/>

### Why is it cool to be a speaker?

Well, do you know a better way to attend the conference? Here are our top 3 reasons to [submit a proposal](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdbyS5xQHFLKDWUe9qnCi-grB3QcBkFqk7Qufmz0KsDdy8PsA/viewform).

1. **It is good for your career.** By being a speaker, you are proving your level of expertise to a potential business partners or employers.
2. **It is good for the company you’re working for.** Any presentation delivered by an employee adds credibility to a company’s public image.
3. **Unique networking.** Being a speaker means you’ll have unique chance to network with other speakers - the best experts in the industry.

### Themes and topics – what do we expect?

Our team prepared set of interesting topics in but if you have any cool idea you want to share not from this list, feel free to submit it as well.

#### Android
* New features in N (multi-window, notifications, Java 8)
* Kotlin
* RxJava
* Data Binding
* Testing and Architecture best practices (MVP, MVVP, Clean Architecture)

#### Web
* Progressive Web Apps
* Polymer
* Service Workers
* Physical Web
* RAIL

#### Cloud
* Machine Learning (TensorFlow, Vision API, Speech API, etc.)
* Big Data (PubSub, BigQuery, Dataflow)
* Firebase
* Kubernetes

<br/>

**Call for Papers will stay open until October 20th, 2016.** Don’t miss out :)

<div class="text-center">
<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdbyS5xQHFLKDWUe9qnCi-grB3QcBkFqk7Qufmz0KsDdy8PsA/viewform" target="_blank" class="style-scope header-content" style="color: white; ">
  <paper-button class="primary style-scope header-content x-scope paper-button-0" raised="" role="button" tabindex="0" animated="" aria-disabled="false" elevation="1">Submit a proposal</paper-button>
</a>
</div>
<br/>

**Please note:** There is no guarantee that a submission will be put onto the conference agenda! The program committee picks the most interesting talk proposals and informs the selected submitters until November 1st, 2016.

Any questions? Email organizers at [Peter Mooshammer](mailto:pmoosha@gmail.com)
